Add more use cases and remove internal details of some use cases (#222)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-1/tp: docs/team/tyanhan.md

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=tyanhan&breakdown=true)

* **Project management**:
  * Set up the team's organisation and repository.
  * Wrote the full `v1.3 Demo` documentation.
  * Aided project teammate with the `FindCommonTiming` command's logic.

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Fixed the GUI size and removed the resizable icon on mouse hover bug. [#121](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-1/tp/pull/121)
  * Wrote tests for `AddEventCommand`, `ClearScheduleCommand`, `SetUserCommand` and their related parsers. [#84](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-1/tp/pull/84/files) [#119](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-1/tp/pull/119) [#113](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-1/tp/pull/113)
  * Wrote tests for `JsonAdaptedEvent` and `JsonAdaptedSchedule` [#77](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-1/tp/pull/77/files)

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Added documentation for the `AddEvent`, `ImportSchedule`, `ClearSchedule` and `SetUser` features.

>     * Wrote a brief description of the product and organised the command summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Refine description of the product and organised the command summary.
```
